KELARaDark v1.0.0 (#14618)
demisto/content: Packs/KELARaDark/README.md

> Note: This is a beta pack, which lets you implement and test pre-release software. Since the pack is beta, it might contain bugs. Updates to the pack during the beta phase might include non-backward compatible features. We appreciate your feedback on the quality and usability of the pack to help us identify issues, fix them, and continually improve.

Reviewer: @gal-mos Why do we have this text?

Author: Deleted.
Will be fixed in next commit.

This content pack was created to allow KELA's customers an integration with RaDark.

#### What does this pack do?
* Fetches incidents from RaDark into your Cortex XSOAR.
* Supports enrichment for existing data from RaDark.
* Manages incidents in RaDark from your Cortex XSOAR.

> The content pack consists of several content items including mappers, classifiers, incident types, fields and layouts and provides a playbook for RaDark items. These create a complete pack that supports a full integration with KELA's RaDark platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The content pack consists of several content items including mappers, classifiers, incident types, incident fields, and layouts which provide a playbook for RaDark items. These create a complete pack that supports full integration with KELA's RaDark platform.
```
